no I welcome to the lucid memory
artifacts for Assassin's Creed 3 King
tyranny of King Washington the first one
is actually right here you'll probably
have it on the map the moment you enter
the frontier the first time so what
after like the second mission in other
just run towards this and there might be
a couple of guys to fight but you'll
deal with them without too much trouble
and then on the burnt-out remains of the
miles end pub and gets the miles end pub
something like that well you'll find
this sign here this table here which if
you interact with it you get a nice
picture of Charles Lee the second one
which is actually the third one I found
but it probably makes sense to go to
this one first is all the way to the
north it's there on the edge of a river
bank and if you head up there I guess
this is the old location of the canyon
care um camp tribe hut place what are we
trying to say village ah the old
chameleon carriage because when you
activate this it's where Connor as a kid
was talking to the earth mother about
Apple it's going to be pretty close to
that I'm not they seem to have changed
the frontier a little bit but me not the
end of the world anyway the third one is
over in Valley Forge there and this one
you're definitely going to have to fight
I mean you can get in with Wolf vision I
guess if you wanted to but it's on that
table there so deal with these guys no
smoosh just a few of them left I didn't
realize I could cool a wolf pack at this
point but I maybe should have done that
but there it is it's you trying to poke
Washington in the I take it on the I
Washington anyway when you've done all
three of those uh I noticed another
marker on the map down here on the
bottom right I don't know if that was
there before I don't know if you get
this for finishing the sequence i don't
think so i think it this is memory
fragment related so I were headed off my
way down there there it is again um
watch out for that camp just to the
northwest of it but then you'll go into
a cave here in its where if you
finished the missions it's where the
last mission starts but obviously it's
marked on the map it's not that hard to
get to their head down here through here
and there's a little thing you can
interact with and it plays little
cutscene of Connor just chillin in the
forest and Washington coming by to say
hello hello so I don't know I wasn't
really paying attention for cutscenes at
the beginning of the DLC so it might be
a cutscene from earlier I will end up
uploading probably all the missions with
full cut scenes at some point if you
want to watch those and I'll just tear
through the missions over there it is
there's washington looking at Connor
yellow color he's oblivious and he's off
anyway ah that is the lucid memory
fragments I hope you enjoyed it i'll see
you in the next video
you